1- we have JwtAuthFilter class that intercept every single request and check if the token is exists or not
    a. if the token is not exists so send unauthorized response to the user and stop
    b. if exists send to jwtService to check if it's valid or not to extract user email from it then
    we can access database for add/get/delete/edit for this specific user by his email

2- JWT Explanation:

1️⃣ What is JWT?
JWT (JSON Web Token) is a compact, self-contained token used to securely transmit information between a
client and a server, most commonly for authentication and authorization.
Typical flow:
    1. User logs in
    2. Server creates a JWT and sends it to the client
    3. Client sends the JWT with each request
    4. Server validates the token and authorizes the request
JWT is stateless → the server does not store session data.

2️⃣ JWT Structure
A JWT has three parts, separated by dots (.): Header.Payload.Signature
Example:
eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsInR5cCI6IkpXVCJ9
.eyJzdWIiOiIxMjM0NTYiLCJyb2xlIjJiVnNFUiJ9
.QxFJjZ7k9k5AG4ywDdRTHqt3tqGFe53FeHq3f
Each part is Base64Url encoded.

3️⃣ JWT Parts Explained
1. Header: Contains metadata about the token
{
    "alg": "HS256",
    "typ": "JWT"
}

2. Payload (Claims) ⭐ Most Important Part
The payload contains claims, which are statements about:
The user, The token itself, and Custom application data
{
    "sub": "12345",
    "username": "john",
    "role": "ADMIN",
    "exp": 1710000000
}

4️⃣ Payload Claims Types:
1. Registered Claims (Standard): Predefined by the JWT specification
    sub:	Subject (usually user ID)
    iss:	Issuer (who created the token)
    aud:	Audience (who can use it)
    exp:	Expiration time
    iat:	Issued at
    nbf:	Not before

2. Public Claims: public user data
3. Private (Custom) Claims ⭐: Application-specific, and Used for authorization
    example:
    {
      "userId": 7,
      "role": "ADMIN",
      "permissions": ["READ", "WRITE"]
    }
    These claims help decide what the user can access

3- JWT Filter
a. check the validity of request (if it contains the basic info such as Bearer ... and authrization headers)
b. if the user is not authenticated => update the SecurityContextHolder


Forgot Password (/auth/forgot-password)
    1- Accept email address (no authentication required)
    2- Check if user exists with that email
    3- Generate a unique reset token (random UUID or JWT with short expiry like 1 hour)
    4- Store token in database with user ID and expiration timestamp
    5- Send email with reset link containing the token (e.g., yourapp.com/reset-password?token=xyz)
    6- Always return 204 success - even if email doesn't exist (security: prevent email enumeration)

Reset Password (/auth/reset-password)
    1- Accept token and new password (no authentication required)
    2- Validate new password meets requirements (length, complexity)
    3- Find token in database and check if it's expired
    4- If expired → throw 410 RESET_TOKEN_EXPIRED
    5- If invalid/not found → throw 400 INVALID_TOKEN
    6- Hash the new password
    7- Update user's password in database
    8- Delete/invalidate the reset token (one-time use)
    9- Optionally: invalidate all existing refresh tokens (force re-login on all devices)
    10- Return 204 success

Change Password (/auth/change-password)
    1- Require authentication (user must be logged in)
    2- Accept current password and new password
    3- Fetch authenticated user from database
    4- Verify current password with passwordEncoder.matches()
    5- If wrong → throw 400 INVALID_CURRENT_PASSWORD
    6- Validate new password meets requirements
    7- Hash and update password
    8- Optionally: invalidate all refresh tokens except current session
    9- Return 204 success
